[ML] Updates Semantic search section (#205)
elastic/docs-content: serverless/pages/search-your-data-semantic-search.asciidoc

The `semantic_text` field simplifies semantic search by providing inference at ingestion time with sensible default values, eliminating the need for complex configurations. 

Learn how to implement semantic search with `semantic text` in the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/semantic-search-semantic-text.html[Elasticsearch docs →].

[discrete]
[[elasticsearch-reference-semantic-search-inference-api]]
== Semantic search with the inference API

The inference API workflow enables you to perform semantic search using models from a variety of services, such as Cohere, OpenAI, HuggingFace, Azure AI Studio, and more. 

Learn how to implement semantic search with the inference API in the {ref}/semantic-search-inference.html[Elasticsearch docs →].

[discrete]
[[elasticsearch-reference-semantic-search-elser]]
== Semantic search with ELSER

Elastic Learned Sparse EncodeR - or ELSER - is an NLP model trained by Elastic
that enables you to perform semantic search by using sparse vector
representation. Instead of literal matching on search terms, semantic search
retrieves results based on the intent and the contextual meaning of a search

> query.

Reviewer: hould be "Model deployment workflow" and should point [here](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/semantic-search-deployed-nlp-model.html)

> Learn how to implement semantic search with ELSER in the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/semantic-search-elser.html[Elasticsearch docs →].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to implement semantic search with ELSER in the {ref}/semantic-search-elser.html[Elasticsearch docs →].
```

don't forget to update all instances of absolute URLs to use attributes, it's a good thing to have on a checklist when finishing up a PR :)

preview:[]

Semantic search is a search method that helps you find data based on the intent and contextual meaning of a search query, instead of a match on query terms (lexical search).

> Elasticsearch provides various semantic search capabilities using natural language processing (NLP) and vector search. Using an NLP model enables you to extract text embeddings out of text. Embeddings are vectors that provide a numeric representation of a text. Pieces of content with similar meaning have similar representations.

Reviewer: Let's add a sentence here that states that there are 3 main workflows for implementing semantic search with {es}, with each one being progressively more complex.

We should maintain the ordering in the sections:

1. `semantic_text` workflow
1. Inference API workflow
1. Model deployment workflow

Note that you've changed the ordering and number 3 should point [here](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/semantic-search-deployed-nlp-model.html)

image::images/semantic-options.svg[Overview of semantic search workflows in {es}]

[NOTE]
====
ℹ️ The Semantic search documentation currently lives in the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/semantic-search.html[Elasticsearch docs].
====

[discrete]
[[lasticsearch-reference-semantic-search-inference-api]]
== Semantic search with the inference API

The inference API workflow enables you to perform semantic search using models from a variety of services, such as Cohere, OpenAI, HuggingFace, Azure AI Studio, and more. 

[NOTE]
====
ℹ️ The Semantic search with the inference API documentation currently lives in the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/semantic-search-inference.html[Elasticsearch docs].

> ====

Reviewer: You can follow the same pattern for the other two sections :)
